Update hosting.md (#519)
bitcoin-core-review-club/website: hosting.md

#### Making a New Post

> Clone the website repository [located on GitHub](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/website).

Reviewer: To avoid frustration with lacking permissions to push to this repo, would suggest calling it forking instead of cloning?
```suggestion
[Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks) the website repository [located on GitHub](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/website).
```
